Disable coercions in Number Notation typechecking (#15884)
coq/coq: doc/changelog/03-notations/15884-num_not_no_elab.rst

- **Fixed:**

>   Don't insert coercions when typechecking parsers and printers
>   of :cmd:`Number Notation`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Coercions are disabled when typechecking parsers and printers
  of :cmd:`Number Notation`
```
